Add connect and sync operations to $morphToMany relation during model creation (#707)
nuwave/lighthouse: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

>  - Support for syncing and connecting existing models in morphToMany relationships

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
 - Sync and connect existing models in morphToMany relations using nested mutations https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/707
```
